hello this is Chris with pixel freak and
today I'm taking a look at devil's
attorney a lawsuit simulator game so
I'll jump right into it here you can see
as you go through you pick up new cases
you can select different ones here they
give you kind of a overview of what the
case is about and each one is kind of
funny and it shows you how much you're
gonna make based on that once you open
it up they opens with a little bit of
playful banter between the two lawyers
didn't your mother ever tell you that
you can't have Cougars as pets
Cougars belong in the wild not in your
hippy clients apartment my mother told
me many things for example that I
shouldn't ever talk to strange old
ladies besides what do you have against
hippies anyway I've got nothing against
hippies I used to be somewhat of a
hippie myself you know no way is that
why you people's look so funny or is
that just your cataract no that's the
look I get when I'm wishing hurtful
things upon someone Oh
so once the menus open up you can see
your screens on the left and their
screens on the right there's three
different types of enemies there's the
prosecutor Margaret Jones the witnesses
which are in green and the evidence
which is yellow they're red boxes are
the amount of health they have you need
to chip away at that and the little
black and green notation is there are
different special effects in there
damages on the left-hand side you can
see at the top the red on there black
eight that's my health and nine at the
bottom that's my action points so all
these different abilities that I have
each one I do they attacks different
little pieces of them and it uses my
action points in the event that I ran
out of action points my round wool in my
turn will end and their turn will begin
and they'll attack me with their damage
points if at any point in time that ate
my health actually reaches zero I lose
the case however if I chip away all of
their different witnesses and
prosecutors and evidence and everything
I win the case here if there's an
additional benefit that at the beginning
of the round it tells you are at the
beginning of the
case it tells you if you beat the case
within a certain amount of rounds you
get bonus cash now give you a little
note when you reach that round which
right here last round for bonus so as
long as I beat this particular case
within this round I'll actually get that
bonus cash and you'll see here I
actually do that yep three different
abilities do different things and once
you get your cash you can go out and buy
new things and that will allow you to
increase by buying new things for your
apartment like a couch or peers some
more personal effects here that I'm
getting as a gift pen Pat's you can
increase your statistics and those
statistics will then in turn give you
more abilities and make it so you can
have better cases so jumping into the
apartment it opens up with a catalog and
you can see there's the various things
you can buy here Blue Lagoon
the senator various pieces of furniture
and they increase the statistics of
three different categories decadence
materialism and vanity and in the
profile you can see those three
categories here as you increase your
points in them you gain new skills to
become a better lawyer so the idea here
is if you win cases as a lawyer you can
buy new items which then make you a
better lawyer which then allow you to
beat more cases and thus the game
progresses it's pretty much the mechanic
in the game the real fun part is the
different cases but I guess it's kind of
cool to to deck out your apartment and
all these different little things and
kind of customize your character as you
go so might take overall on the game
thus far is that it's a little bit easy
there are three different levels of
difficulty easy normal and hard the
games on normal by default I found
normal to be a little bit easy though I
have to say there was a case that I
played earlier today that was a little
more difficult so I like that a little
bit more it's pretty fun though I like
the little banter between the lawyers
the case notes are always really funny
to read I'm not sure if it's worth its
price currently the game is going for
$2.99 on the Google Play Store and
though the production values are really
high it's got a really cool theme song
in the beginning and all the voiceovers
are pretty awesome in the case notes and
the game seems to be very inert
heard that it's also a little bit short
I've played it now for about an hour and
a half I'm hoping to get at least five
hours out of the game that's yet to be
seen I'm not sure exactly how long this
game is I'm gonna go ahead and recommend
this game to anybody that really likes
turn-based strategy games or let's just
say strategy games in general for some
odd reason you know I've never played
any of these lawyer simulator type games
this is the first one that I've ever
played and this is actually quite a bit
of fun I've enjoyed this so far I'll
probably finish the game but if you like
strategy games check this one out this
one's pretty good if you don't like
strategy games you might want to avoid
this one just because I'm guessing that
it's gonna be a little bit dry to you
make sure to LIKE this video subscribe
to the channel and until next time this
has been pixel freak